remove spelled out CLI and CLI tools (#16880)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/common-client-side-web-technologies.md

By working with components and templates, instead of DOM elements, Angular apps can operate at a higher level of abstraction and with less overall code than apps written using just JavaScript (also called "vanilla JS") or with jQuery. Angular also imposes some order on how you organize your client-side script files. By convention, Angular apps use a common folder structure, with module and component script files located in an app folder. Angular scripts concerned with building, deploying, and testing the app are typically located in a higher-level folder.

> Angular also makes great use of CLI tooling. Getting started with Angular development locally (assuming you already have git and npm installed) consists of simply cloning a repo from GitHub and running `npm install` and `npm start`. Beyond this, Angular ships its own CLI tool which can create projects, add files, and assist with testing, bundling, and deployment tasks. This CLI tooling friendliness makes Angular especially compatible with ASP.NET Core, which also features great CLI support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can develop Angular apps by using a CLI. Getting started with Angular development locally (assuming you already have git and npm installed) consists of simply cloning a repo from GitHub and running `npm install` and `npm start`. Beyond this, Angular ships its own CLI, which can create projects, add files, and assist with testing, bundling, and deployment tasks. This CLI friendliness makes Angular especially compatible with ASP.NET Core, which also features great CLI support.
```
